# Project Two
### How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I write programs that are maintable, readable, and adaptable.  Maintainability is achieved using comments and documentation.  My programs are readable because I use formatting tools and linters to clean up and space out blocks of code.  Using language-specific nomenclature also helps with readability.  Adaptability is reached by following an object-oriented mindset.  By creating a class with methods which we invoke we are able to easily import, reuse, and scaffold our model onto new use cases.  I will certainly use this module in the future if I work with MongoDB and Python.

### How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I approach problems as a computer scientist by breaking them down to their simplest terms and working up from there.  It is important to have a fundamental understanding of the technology you are working with so that you may best apply it to your task.  My approach in this project was a little different because it was using a Jupyter notebook versus a flat Python file or the interpreter.  This made debugging a little weird for me but I powered through.  One technique I used in this project that I would apply to projects in the future is to create a model for CRUD operations when working with a database.


### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists solve business problems by creating tools and automation.  This improves the quality of life for associates at companies like Grazioso Salvare which enables them to do their work to a better degree and frees up some of their time so that they may invest it in more meaningful work.